And so this is one of the places where
this all ties together in a really
interesting way.
I've got this idea of three
different fonts that I might use.
Right now,
they are all just text objects, right?
What I can do is let's
gotta move this file,
move to project,
I'm gonna move this into a paid account.
So this is a follow along and
watch lets you have a paid account and
you can do this too.
But I'm gonna need some modes for this.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
make a component set that's
gonna create three variants
of the same component, right?
Cool, so I've got that,
we'll call it like hero text, right?
Cuz it's not really the content that
matters, cuz in a component I can always
change the content, it's this typeface
font size that we care about.
Now, one thing you'll notice
is that If I go back a second
I named this one size equal mobile size
equals tablet size equals desktop.
Turns out that when you do that, and
you create a component set the variance,
there'll be a property called size and
values of mobile desktop and
tablet, right?
And so could you changed the properties
that you saw me do earlier the button?
Absolutely, could you also just name
these things and get it for free?
You can do that too.
So we'll call this hero text.
And we've got that and so now, if I go
to my assets, somewhere, what's this
file called, the problem is this is
meant for a tutorial, not necessarily.
Variables, modes, I've got this hero text.
And that's cool,
I can drag one of these in, and
I can go ahead,
I can switch it between the two.
And that's not bad, that's fun.
That's still helpful for a designer
putting together all these modes.
Like I said, this is one of those
things where it helps designers and
by helps designers, it helps us, right?
Because it means that there's now
consistent typography across the different
sizes, I decided it's bigger in this
one cuz it's never consistent then.
So, we'll go in here and
I'm gonna create a new collection,
cuz your modes are bound
to a particular collection,
so light and dark mode,
you might take our color collection.
This point, we're actually gonna
use something around sizes.
So I'm gonna make a new,
create a collection, and we'll call it,
Break points, and
let's create two variables.
We're gonna make one that's a number and
we're call it min width.
And we're gonna say that create
three modes in this case.
And we're gonna say that mode number
one is mobile, which is anything.
Mode number two,
I'm trying to remember the break point was
I think it's either 640 or 768 768.
And tablet, thinking two things
at once and desktop, right?
And so this will be 768, and this will be,
I don't know, we're gonna say 1024 for
desktop, I feel like I can look at
my own code but like let's not.
And here's where it gets interesting,
we're gonna create another variable and
this one's gonna be a string variable.
All right, and we're gonna say,
Viewport and this one is going to be there
kind of have the same names as a mode
because because more importantly
than the name of the mode.
It's actually about the name
of the variance that we had.
So we made that text in three variants,
mobile, tablet, and desktop.
So we'll call this one mobile.
Tablet, desktop, awesome.
And so, now we're gonna do is gonna
make a container, here it is.
And we're going to say that it's an auto
layout cuz that lets us use admin width,
right?
And at this point what we'll
do is hit Apply variable,
that one's hidden in a dropdown,
I don't make the rules around here.
We'll say it's been with, at that point it
will become zero, you could make it 350 if
you don't want it to get that much
smaller, we could do that as well.
And then, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna drag this component in.
We don't want that to hug, this is
my problem with this zero man with.
And so
we can see that we can go in here and
we say this layer now is
going to be mobile, right?
And for this variant, except to desktop,
we're actually going to say,
hey be viewport,
which is the string mobile.
So now in terms of size instead of
picking mobile, tablet or desktop, right?
We are going to use a variable that
changes based on what mode it's in,
it's either mobile, tablet or desktop.
So if I make this, Teensy tiny, right?
We changed this frame to tablet,
the font gets bigger.
We change it to desktop,
So now you can also have fully
responsive text sizes, right?
And the designers can then have like, you
can even like the example I have up here
if we were following along,
I actually set a min and a max.
So like the max gets to right up to where
have mobile guests arrive to where tablet
is, the max of tablet gets the write up or
desktop is.
And desktop goes to like whatever
the largest viewport we support is, right?
And now you can instead of having to,
like tweak the fonts cuz like,
prior to kind of coming across US,
the design team they would sit there and
manually change all the typography.
Across five different viewports which
even then the best of intentions
leads you me [LAUGH] right,
with a mess to clean up.
Because nobody does it perfectly that much
text, of course that many viewports right?
But you can now like and because
texting kimonos is changeable, right?
Now, they'll switch between
these different typography keys.
And they can now take those responsive
auto layout components that
we made earlier,
use those across all the designs.
But that is still one consistent
component for us to implement,
which means that consistent,
the typography can now stay consistent.
We can have light and dark mode and
the ability to like export a lot of these
variables gives us like this
amazing ability to kind of like,
then have a very consistent designs.
That we can then export out into the
tokens that we use in our design system,
making our jobs a lot easier, right?
Which is the kind of the value prop here,
which is how do we help designers help us,
right?
And part of that is knowing how to use
the tools that they're using that we're on
the receiving end of, and
like some of these patterns and
strategies begins to kind
of make their lives easier.
But more importantly,
makes my life easier, which I really like,
I like my life being easy.